brother-in-law
Unexpectedly
You are really
so rich
Brother recently
Money is a bit tight
or
aid aid
Your good brother
elder brother
Why
I also know you are my brother
Want to take Xiaoqing
Sold
This is your sister
I'm not looking for anyone today
Come and take care of you
Even if I'm polite to you
roll
Let you go
didn't you hear
If you don't get out
I'll call security
Drag her out for me
Industry-wide ban
No no
Dean
Please spare me
I know it's wrong
Mr. Lin
Please spare me
what do you want me to do
All is OK
Wait a moment
Just quit like that
What a pity
Right?
No matter what
She has to let her
Xiaoqing’s mother’s medical expenses
Just do as you say
Give it to Xiaoqing's mother immediately
Arrange the best treatment
Go arrange the best doctor
Drag out
Please spare me
Dean
Thank you, Dean
Mr. Lin
I know
You bought it
my hospital
you do this
what does it mean
You might not believe it if you tell me
my assets
Can only be given to women
spend it
Stop kidding me
how
Don't believe it
or